I mean obviously I played against him a
lot I know what kind of system you know
he likes get corporated today but you
know fan against it and actually doing
part of the two different things and you
know we really have to get used to it
and get better I'm just offensively at
the refresher people we want to be
pressure to shout out here on the court
displaying my maracas each other
cooperating finances to play and this is
this as a good office for me I think
it's great who is your perception of
George beforehand I just I just knew it
was tough we play against them you know
Dowdell freshman offensively
make you make you make you wet he's one
of those coaches that really get shot so
get more shots at our team and also is
there an excitement level if you feel
when you bring into collecting um
excitement level is hard to excite me
now 250 honest with you really hard to
save you but you know just I think is a
little bit more secure
kind of reputation he has just know what
you gave Claire was already brought up
he talked about one you see you kind of
play before going small a little bit
more how do you think that I'm innocent
that I did awesome I've done before he
has a talking toy
I don't see how that I don't see how
that's a bad thing for us how does your
game fit powerful it's my man that's the
thing about to do there and what can
this thing about it he never told me not
to be me you don't see what's really gay
to play before he doesn't want Rudy Rudy
gates a BF or just can't be myself try
to help me I know it